In this lecture, you'll learn about how to make the most of the course. So, I'm logged into the course
here. It might look a little bit different from you because I'm logged in as the instructor, but
it should be pretty much the same.
I'm on the course content tab here, and this is where you can see all of the lectures.
First thing I should tell you about is that the first few sections are theory-based.
The reason is that I need to give you the core foundational knowledge before we go on to actually configure
the devices.
You need to understand that before you're going to understand what you're configuring.
So, bear with me through the first few sections.
Like I said, that will build your core knowledge.
After that, we'll get on to the actual technologies.
You'll see me working at the command line, and then you can practice this yourself in the lab,
but let me go down and show you what I mean there.
The way that the course is laid out is that I've got the theory lectures first in each section, so I'll
explain what the particular technology is.
I'll also show you how it works in the lab as well.
So once you understand what it is, you'll also see how to configure it and how to troubleshoot it.
So watch the videos first, and then you'll see at the end of every section that I've got a configuration
lab.
These are lab exercises for you to actually do.
So, what you'll find in those lectures is there's a couple of PDFs. There's the lab exercises, which are
the tasks for you to do in the lab,
and then there is the answer key that gives you the detailed explanation of how to actually do it.
My labs are a little different than some others that you might see, and that I don't give you step by step
instructions on what to do because if I do that, you're just following what I'm telling you to do.
You're not really learning anything.
I give you tasks, and I don't tell you how to do it.
That's already been explained in the earlier videos.
So watch the videos, see what I do in the lab.
I then give you these lab tasks for you to do, and then you'll have to figure it out yourself, and you're really,
really going to learn the technologies by doing it that way. As well as having that 2 PDFs
with the exercises and the answer key, there's also the lab set up file in there as well.
In the next section, I'll show you how to set up the lab.
You can run the lab for free on your laptop.
It uses Packet Tracer.
And in the next section, I'm going to show you step by step how to install it and how to configure
it on your laptop.
So, you'll be able to get up and running with the labs in around 10 or 15 minutes, pretty much immediately.
Okay, so that's how to do the course. Do all the lectures from start to finish. Watch the videos first
just as it's laid out, and then do the lab exercises as well.
In that way, you're going to get a really solid, deep understanding of the technologies, and you're
also going to build the practical hands-on skills so that you can configure and troubleshoot it as well.
Another thing to tell you in here as well that notice for all of the theory lectures, there's also a downloadable
PDF here as well.
That's a PDF of sthe slides that I use,
and I deliberately make the slides in a human readable format, not just really short bullet notes that
don't make sense without an explanation.
So the slides are maybe a little bit longer than what you're used to seeing, and I know that's not
what you're meant to do in PowerPoint if you view any PowerPoint material, but I've done it deliberately
like that,
and the reason is so that later when you're getting near to the exam date, you can have a look at
those PDF and they act as flashcards. So if you're taking your own notes, you can just review
that as review material, and it's going to get you ready for exam day.
Okay, so that was everything about how to go through the course. One other thing to tell you here is
there's also other additional material on my blog. That is here at the Flackbox blog.
So if you come in here and then go to Tutorials, and go to the Cisco Training Videos section, you'll
see I've got loads of extra material in there. A lot of these are similar videos to what I have in the course,
but this also includes a text description which gives you even more detail.
I also have a whole heap of other free resources on my blog as well.
Free training courses, free resources.
I'll be adding new Cisco resources in here as well.
So, have a look at the blog every once in a while and get those extra free resources to help you
through the course.
Okay, the very last thing for me to point out
you is to come down here to the last section in the course where I tell you the practice tests I recommend
to give you the best chance of passing on your first try.
Getting these is purely optional,
but if you are going to get them, it's best to get them at the start of the course.
So then, you can test your knowledge as you go through the different sections.
So come down here to the last lecture
now, have a look at that, and then you can go back to where you left off at.
Thanks.